Improve wording of `Rules/Visual content considerations` (#14703)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Rules/Visual_content_considerations/en.md

# Visual content considerations

As per [community rule 5](/wiki/Rules#community-rules), all visual content (i.e. images, videos and links) uploaded to or made available from osu! must be appropriate for an all-ages game.

This includes:

> - content in submitted beatmaps (i.e. background images, videos and storyboards), **even those tagged as [explicit](/wiki/Rules/Explicit_content)**

Author: ```suggestion
- content in submitted beatmaps (i.e. background images, videos, skin elements and storyboards), **even those tagged as [explicit](/wiki/Rules/Explicit_content)**
```

# Visual content considerations

> As per [community rule 5](/wiki/Rules#community-rules), all visual content (i.e. images, videos and links) uploaded to or made available from osu! must be appropriate for an all-ages game.

Reviewer: i would guess that "considered" is there because appropriateness is both subjective and varies across culture, not that it's a relevant level of detail here

that said, the wording could be shorter:

```suggestion
As per [community rule 5](/wiki/Rules#community-rules), all visual content (i.e. images, videos and links) in osu! must be appropriate for an all-ages game.
```

## Getting your visual content assessed

*See: [Content voting process](/wiki/Rules/Content_voting_process).*

Visual content that is used anywhere on the site outside of a beatmap (avatars, profile covers, beatmap descriptions, etc.) is **not** subject to the voting procedure explained below and may be removed at any time at the discretion of the [Global Moderation Team](/wiki/People/Global_Moderation_Team) (GMT).

If you are unsure about any visual content that is going to be included in a beatmap in any way, **please submit a request via [the Beatmap Nominator Report Submission page](https://bn.mappersguild.com/reports).** The visual content will be raised to a vote that must pass by a considerable majority, or it will be automatically denied.

**The result of any vote is final**, unless the visual content is significantly altered in an attempt to resolve any potentially problematic elements raised during discussion.

At all times, [the osu! team](/wiki/People/osu!_team) reserves the right to unilaterally declare any content either valid or invalid at their discretion, regardless of any previous voting held on the matter.

## What happens if my visual content isn't okay?

> Any images or other visual content the GMT deem inappropriate are removed from the website. Additionally, the user that uploaded that visual content may be [silenced](/wiki/Help_centre/Silences) for 43 hours depending on the severity of the offence and the user's relevant history.

Reviewer: "the gmt" isn't grammatically plural. it's one gmt

```suggestion
Any images or other visual content the GMT deems inappropriate are removed from the website. Additionally, the user that uploaded that visual content may be [silenced](/wiki/Help_centre/Silences) for 43 hours depending on the severity of the offence and the user's relevant history.
```

- mild romance, flirting or intimate affection (hugging, embracing, kissing without sexual connotations, hand-holding, etc.)
- swimsuits of reasonable design (standard swimwear with general coverage, ordinary bikini)

In certain circumstances, some exceptions may apply for artistic use of high-effort content, such as storyboards or bespoke (i.e. specifically created) video content. This must be granted directly from the support team. Those interested may contact them directly via [support@ppy.sh](mailto:support@ppy.sh).

> ## Getting your image assessed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Getting your visual element assessed
```

Author: Nice catch, but I think the term "visual content" is easier to understand (and is used more consistently in the article).

*See: [Content voting process](/wiki/Rules/Content_voting_process).*

Visual content that is used anywhere on the site outside of a beatmap (avatars, profile covers, beatmap descriptions, etc.) are **not** subject to the voting procedure explained below and may be removed at any time at the discretion of the [Global Moderation Team](/wiki/People/Global_Moderation_Team) (GMT).

If you are unsure about any visual content that is going to be included in a beatmap in any way, **please submit a request via [the Beatmap Nominator Report Submission page](https://bn.mappersguild.com/reports).** The visual content will be raised to a vote that must pass by a considerable majority, or it will be automatically denied.

**The result of any vote is final**, unless the visual content is significantly altered in an attempt to resolve any potentially problematic elements raised during discussion.

At all times, [the osu! team](/wiki/People/osu!_team) reserves the right to unilaterally declare any content either valid or invalid at their discretion, regardless of any previous voting held on the matter.

> ## What happens if my image isn't okay?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## What happens if my visual element is not okay?
```

Author: Not changing "isn't" for consistency with the song content rules article, which contains the heading ``What happens if my track isn't okay?``
